# WRITEUP
My goal for this project was to analyze the overall sentiment of headlines from a given news website. For my project, I chose to analyze National Geographic. I imported the Requests, BeautifulSoup, and NLTK libraries to retrieve data from the URL, parse the text, and use specific functions for the analysis. Then, I inspected the source of the page to look for any unique element that contained the headlines. After, I filtered out any repeat text that may have appeared elsewhere on the page. The results found that out of 24 total headlines, 7 were classified as positive, 2 were classified as negative, and 15 were classified as neutral. National Geographic's headlines were overall very neutral, and this finding was not very surprising to me considering it is intended to be an educational website containing primarily objective information about science and history, albeit with some speculative articles relating to those subjects in the mix. In fact, one of the two "negative" headlines wasn't even from a published news article but rather a page that addresses privacy/copyright concerns. This was unintentionally included with the overall analysis because the site didn't utilize that many HTML elements, and the only unique element for the article previews were their links signified by the 'a' element. This happens to be the element shared with some sort of navigation tab/sidebar unrelated to news. I think if I ever have to do something like this again in the future, I should find a website that doesn't run almost purely on div tags.
